Add a caution about `Referer` header check on FedCM (#3420)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/fedcm-origin-trial/index.md

{% Aside %}

**Update, August 2022**

> * Added an important security information that the IdP needs to check if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added an important security information. The identity provider (IdP) needs to check if the
```

account_id=123&client_id=client1234&nonce=Ct60bD&disclosure_text_shown=true
```

On the server, the IdP should confirm:

1. that the claimed account ID matches the ID for the account that is already
   signed in. 

> 2. that the `Referer` header matches the origin the RP registered in advance.

Reviewer 2: nit: add `in advance for the given client id`

account_id=123&client_id=client1234&nonce=Ct60bD&disclosure_text_shown=true
```

> On the server, the IdP should confirm:
> 
> 1. that the claimed account ID matches the ID for the account that is already
>    signed in. 
> 2. that the `Referer` header matches the origin the RP registered in advance
>    for the given client ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the server, the IdP should confirm that:

1. The claimed account ID matches the ID for the account that is already
   signed in. 
2. The `Referer` header matches the origin the RP, registered in advance
   for the given client ID.
```
